FCC: Basic CSS

  I liked basic CSS for a lot of the same reasons that I did the Basic HTML course on FCC. Once again, this course helped me review
everything I had previously learned on Khan Academy, but with a bunch of new angles to look from. The end of this course actually
had a few things I don't remember originally learning on Khan Academy, so I came out of using FCC with more knowledge than I had
before. CSS is something that I personally really like to use, since most of it is based around styling your website and making it
look nice, which is something I really like to do with other things in my free time. So, I had quite an enjoyable experience with
this course. It's also worth noting that FCC has two different courses on both HTML and CSS, while Khan Academy merged them into
one. While I have no problem having them merged, having them seperate gives FCC more opportunities to expand onto the topic, as
they have more dedicated to it, which is why I believe I came out of this course knowing more about CSS than I did to begin with.

    To continue to learn about CSS, I will practice extensively styling my websites with whatever I can. Not to the point where I
overdo it, of course, but enough that I can retain the knowledge I have learned form Khan Academy and FCC. They both taught me a 
lot of syntax and tips on how to make your code look good (ex: when to italicise, when to bold, how to properly use margins, etc.) 
which is something that is very useful and something that I'm personally really grateful for.

  As I had mentioned in the previous paragraph, the most impactful thing to me was the fact that I now had a new medium to try and
display my art and to be creative. CSS allows you to really spice up any website you have and make it look great, which I find to
be really important and very pretty if done well. Previously, I wouldn't have been able to do it well with my basic knowledge of
only HTML, but with CSS, the possibilities have increased a lot. There are now so many options and things I can do, and I'm very
glad to be able to do them.
